My midterm game prominently features two main gameplay mechanics, retrieving a random grocery and finishing your homework. While the tasks themselves are relatively simple, when combined with a time constraint, the gameplay mechanic becomes significantly more interesting. 
    While the grocery that an NPC asks for is randomized, the location in which each type of grocery appears is not, which means that players who memorize the spawning locations have to scour a significantly smaller portion of the map. This is important because not only is the map relatively large, but the layout of the map intentionally hinders the progress of players who go the wrong way. Players who need a hint can pull up a cheat sheet by pressing Tab, but doing so will temporarily stop the player, delaying their progress even further. Optimizing the ability to find the grocery is important because the NPCs have a patience timer. If a player takes too long, the NPC becomes angry and leaves. Too many angry NPCs and the game ends prematurely. 
Furthermore, the ability to optimize the search for groceries is juxtaposed with the inability to optimize doing the homework. Everyday, players must dedicate a certain amount of seconds to doing their homework, and this task can not be made faster through any means. Players simply must stand next to the homework to do it, preventing them from doing anything else in the meantime. In a way, the homework works as a “tax” in-game, forcing players to optimize enough in searching groceries to accommodate for this time tax.
There is no way to “win” this game. Winning simply means playing the level again, this time at a harder difficulty. The amount of customers the player must satisfy is increased. The amount of angry customers permitted is decreased. The amount of time it takes to do homework is increased. This lack of a win condition is done intentionally to mimic the experience of what it is like to be a poor college student trying to balance their academics with their work. Oftentimes, it feels like a slippery slope in which they are simply choosing between the lesser of two evils: doing their job or finishing their homework. Eventually, the player will falter and be unable to balance doing the homework and finding the groceries, but such is the precarious situation that people who are in these situations often face.
